doc: update Data Sync docs (#240)
aerogear/datasync: docs/integreatly/modules/ROOT/pages/server-auth-websockets.adoc

* xref:sync-server-auth[Configure Data Sync Server for Authentication and Authorization]
* xref:ds-realtime.adoc#realtime-updates-{context}[Configuring Your Server for real-time updates]

> This section describes how to implement uuthentication and uuthorization over websockets with {idm-name}. For more information on authentication over websockets, read Apollo's https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/subscriptions/#authentication-over-websocket[Authentication Over Websocket] documention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to implement authentication and authorization over websockets with {idm-name}. For more information on authentication over websockets, read Apollo's https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/subscriptions/#authentication-over-websocket[Authentication Over Websocket] documentation.
```

> This section describes how to implement uuthentication and uuthorization over websockets with {idm-name}. For more information on authentication over websockets, read Apollo's https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/subscriptions/#authentication-over-websocket[Authentication Over Websocket] documention.

Reviewer 2: typos
